doc: describing how 2FA can be activated in Keycloak (#23)
Aam-Digital/ndb-setup: README.md

# User management in Keycloak
The system uses the [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) identity management system.
All the required configuration can be found in the `keycloak` folder.

To start the required docker containers execute the following (this is only needed once on a server, you can skip these steps if you just want to add another Aam Digital instance to an existing keycloak server):
1. Open the file `keycloak/.env`
2. Set the password variables to secure passwords and assign valid urls for the Keycloak and [account backend](https://github.com/Aam-Digital/account-backend) (without `https://`)
3. Open `keykloak/realm_config.json` and add the required settings for you email server to enable Keycloak to send emails in your name
4. Start the required containers
   > cd keycloak && docker-compose up -d

Once done, applications can be connected with Keycloak through the `interactive_setup.sh`.

## 2-Factor-Auth
Keycloak supports a second login factor.

### Authenticator app OTP
The only built-in second factor ist OTP using a Authenticator app.

> This can be enabled by adding the action `Configure OTP` to a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be enabled by editing a specific user in the Keycloak "Administration Console" and adding the `Configure OTP` in the "Required user actions".
```

clarifying this for me as a noob. 

Also: Is there a way to enforce / enable by default for every user?

### Email OTP
Through 3rd party libraries OTP via Email is supported.

> This also comes with the option to trust the device for a configured time period (during which you do not have to enter the OTP when logging in).

Reviewer: does "trust device" also work for the Auth App?

Author: It can be configured. But I don't want to create a full Keycloak tutorial here. I added a section with possibles extensions

To enable this feature visit `<KEYCLOAK_URL>/admin/master/console/#/<REALM>/authentication/`.
If you created this realm using a recent version of the `realm_config.json` then you should find a flow with the name `Email 2FA`.
Click on the 3 dot menu on the right of this flow and select `Bind flow` and select `Browser flow`.

> After saving, you should be asked to enter the OTP which has been sent to the email that is associated with the username.

Reviewer: Am I (the admin in keycloak) going to be asked for OTP? And/or is every user on the next login going to be asked?
